This specialization is a part of Coursera projects - https://www.coursera.org/specializations/applied-data-science?

This specialization has 5 different courses. These courses include real-world projects using principal data science tools.

Projects:
Python for Data Science, AI & Development - In this project, we learn about different python libraries like Pandas, Numpy, Beautifulsoup. We will practice and apply what we learn through hands-on labs using Jupyter Notebooks. By the end of this course, feel comfortable creating basic programs, working with data, and automating real-world tasks using Python.  

Python Project for Data Science - This mini-course is intended to demonstrate foundational Python skills for working with data. This course primarily involves completing a project in which we will assume the role of a Data Scientist or a Data Analyst and be provided with a real-world data set and a real-world inspired scenario to identify patterns and trends. You will perform specific data science and analytics tasks such as extracting, web scraping, visualizing, and creating a dashboard. This project will showcase the proficiency with Python and using libraries such as Pandas and Beautiful Soup within a Jupyter Notebook. 


Data Analysis with Python - You will learn how to import data from multiple sources, clean and wrangle data, perform exploratory data analysis (EDA), and create meaningful data visualizations. You will then predict future trends from data by developing linear, multiple, polynomial regression models & pipelines and learn how to evaluate them. In addition to video lectures you will learn and practice using hands-on labs and projects. You will work with several open source Python libraries, including Pandas and Numpy to load, manipulate, analyze, and visualize cool datasets. You will also work with scipy and scikit-learn, to build machine learning models and make predictions. 

Data Visualization with Python - One of the most important skills of successful data scientists and data analysts is the ability to tell a compelling story by visualizing data and findings in an approachable and stimulating way. In this course you will learn many ways to effectively visualize both small and large-scale data. You will be able to take data that at first glance has little meaning and present that data in a form that conveys insights. This course will teach you to work with many Data Visualization tools and techniques. You will learn to create various types of basic and advanced graphs and charts like: Waffle Charts, Area Plots, Histograms, Bar Charts, Pie Charts, Scatter Plots, Word Clouds, Choropleth Maps, and many more! You will also create interactive dashboards that allow even those without any Data Science experience to better understand data, and make more effective and informed decisions. You will learn hands-on by completing numerous labs and a final project to practice and apply the many aspects and techniques of Data Visualization using Jupyter Notebooks and a Cloud-based IDE. You will use several data visualization libraries in Python, including Matplotlib, Seaborn, Folium, Plotly & Dash.

Applied Data Science Capstone - In this course you will assume the role of a Data Scientist working for a startup intending to compete with SpaceX, and in the process follow the Data Science methodology involving data collection, data wrangling, exploratory data analysis, data visualization, model development, model evaluation, and reporting your results to stakeholders. You will be tasked with predicting if the first stage of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket will land successfully. With the help of your Data Science findings and models, the competing startup you have been hired by can make more informed bids against SpaceX for a rocket launch. In this course, there will not be much new learning, instead you’ll focus on hands-on work to demonstrate and apply what you have learnt in previous courses.  By successfully completing this Capstone you will have added a project to your data science and machine learning portfolio to showcase to employers.


